Update system-variables `tidb_ddl_reorg_batch_size` (#18616)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Range: `[32, 10240]`
- Unit: Rows
- This variable is used to set the batch size during the `re-organize` phase of the DDL operation. For example, when TiDB executes the `ADD INDEX` operation, the index data needs to backfilled by `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt` (the number) concurrent workers. Each worker backfills the index data in batches.

>     - If `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `Off`, `ADD INDEX` is executed as a transactional. If there are many updating operations such as `UPDATE` and `REPLACE` exist during the `ADD INDEX` operation, a larger batch size indicates a larger probability of transaction conflicts. In this case, you need to adjust the batch size to a smaller value. The minimum value is 32.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `OFF`, `ADD INDEX` is executed as a transactional. If there are many update operations such as `UPDATE` and `REPLACE` exist in the target columns during the `ADD INDEX` operation, a larger batch size indicates a larger probability of transaction conflicts. In this case, it is recommended that you need to adjust the batch size to a smaller value. The minimum value is 32.
```

>     - If the transaction conflict does not exist, or if `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `ON`, you can set the batch size to a large value. In this case, consider the worker count. See [Interaction Test on Online Workloads and `ADD INDEX` Operations](/benchmark/online-workloads-and-add-index-operations.md) for reference. This can increase the speed of the backfilling data, but the write pressure on TiKV also becomes higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the transaction conflict does not exist, or if `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `ON`, you can set the batch size to a large value. This makes data backfilling faster, but the write pressure on TiKV also becomes higher. To set the batch size, you need to refer to the value of `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. See [Interaction Test on Online Workloads and `ADD INDEX` Operations](/benchmark/online-workloads-and-add-index-operations.md) for reference. 
```

>     - If the transaction conflict does not exist, or if `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `ON`, you can set the batch size to a large value. In this case, consider the worker count. See [Interaction Test on Online Workloads and `ADD INDEX` Operations](/benchmark/online-workloads-and-add-index-operations.md) for reference). This can increase the speed of the backfilling data, but the write pressure on TiKV also becomes higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the transaction conflict does not exist, or if `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `ON`, you can set the batch size to a large value. In this case, consider the worker count. See [Interaction Test on Online Workloads and `ADD INDEX` Operations](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/online-workloads-and-add-index-operations) for reference). This can increase the speed of the backfilling data, but the write pressure on TiKV also becomes higher.
```

>     - If the transaction conflict does not exist, or if `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `On`, you can set the batch size to a large value (consider the worker count. See [Interaction Test on Online Workloads and `ADD INDEX` Operations](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/online-workloads-and-add-index-operations) for reference). This can increase the speed of the backfilling data, but the write pressure on TiKV also becomes higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the transaction conflict does not exist, or if `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `ON`, you can set the batch size to a large value. In this case, consider the worker count. See [Interaction Test on Online Workloads and `ADD INDEX` Operations](/benchmark/online-workloads-and-add-index-operations.md) for reference). This can increase the speed of the backfilling data, but the write pressure on TiKV also becomes higher.
```

>     - If the transaction conflict does not exist, or if `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `ON`, you can set the batch size to a large value. This makes data backfilling faster, but the write pressure on TiKV also becomes higher. To set the batch size, you need to refer to the value of `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. See [Interaction Test on Online Workloads and `ADD INDEX` Operations](/benchmark/online-workloads-and-add-index-operations.md) for reference. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - If the transaction conflict does not exist, or if `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `ON`, you can set the batch size to a large value. This makes data backfilling faster but also increases the write pressure on TiKV. For a proper batch size, you also need to refer to the value of `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. See [Interaction Test on Online Workloads and `ADD INDEX` Operations](/benchmark/online-workloads-and-add-index-operations.md) for reference.
```

>     - If the transaction conflict does not exist, or if `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `ON`, you can set the batch size to a large value. This makes data backfilling faster but also increases the write pressure on TiKV. For a proper batch size, you also need to refer to the value of `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. See [Interaction Test on Online Workloads and `ADD INDEX` Operations](/benchmark/online-workloads-and-add-index-operations.md) for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the transaction conflict does not exist, or if `tidb_ddl_enable_fast_reorg` is set to `ON`, you can set the batch size to a large value. This makes data backfilling faster but also increases the write pressure on TiKV. For a proper batch size, you also need to refer to the value of `tidb_ddl_reorg_worker_cnt`. See [Interaction Test on Online Workloads and `ADD INDEX` Operations](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/online-workloads-and-add-index-operations) for reference.
```
